docs: add documentation for ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS command (#19492)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-show-ddl.md

### `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS`

> The `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS` statement is used to view all the results in the current DDL job queue, including running and queuing tasks, as well as the recent results in the completed DDL job queue. The returned result fields are described as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS` statement is used to view the 10 jobs in the current DDL job queue, including running and pending jobs (if any), and the last 10 jobs in the executed DDL job queue (if any). The returned result fields are described as follows:
```

    - `pausing`: indicates that the operation is being paused.
    - `paused`: indicates that the operation has been paused. This state only appears when you use the [`ADMIN PAUSED DDL JOBS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-pause-ddl.md) command to pause the DDL job. You can use the [`ADMIN RESUME DDL JOBS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-resume-ddl.md) command to resume the DDL job.
    - `done`: indicates that the operation has been successfully executed on the TiDB owner node, but other TiDB nodes have not yet synchronized the changes performed by this DDL job.
- `COMMENTS`: contains other information for auxiliary diagnostic purposes.

>     - `ingest`: ingest task for accelerated adding index backfill configured via [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630)。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `ingest`: ingest tasks for accelerated adding index backfill configured via [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630)。
```

>     - `txn`: basic transactional backfill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `txn`: transaction-based index backfill after [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) is disabled.
```

    - `txn-merge`: transactional backfilling with a temporary index that gets merged with the original index when the backfilling is finished.

>     - `DXF`: tasks executed with distributed frameworks configured via [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-new-in-v710).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `DXF`: tasks executed with Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF) configured via [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-new-in-v710).
```

    - `service_scope`: the service scope of the TiDB node configured via [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740).

>     - `thread`: concurrency of backfill tasks. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. It supports dynamic modification via `ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `thread`: concurrency of backfill tasks. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. It supports dynamic modification via [`ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`](sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-alter-ddl.md).
```

>     - `thread`: concurrency of backfill tasks. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. It supports dynamic modification via [`ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`](sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-alter-ddl.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `thread`: concurrency of backfill tasks. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. It supports dynamic modification via [`ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-alter-ddl.md).
```

>     - `thread`: concurrency of backfill tasks. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. It supports dynamic modification via [`ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-alter-ddl.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `thread`: concurrency of backfill tasks. You can set the initial value by `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. It supports dynamic modification via [`ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-alter-ddl.md).
```

>     - `batch_size`: batch size of backfill tasks. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size`. It supports dynamic modification via `ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `batch_size`: batch size of backfill tasks. You can set the initial value by `tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size`. It supports dynamic modification via `ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`.
```

>     - `max_write_speed`: flow control during ingest task import. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed`. It supports dynamic modification via `ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `max_write_speed`: flow control during ingest task import. The initial value can be set with `tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed`. It supports dynamic modification via [`ADMIN ALTER DDL JOBS`](sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-alter-ddl.md).
```

|    557 | test    | sbtest1    | create table                    | public               |       554 |      556 |         0 | 2024-11-22 12:32:09.515000 | 2024-11-22 12:32:09.915000 | 2024-11-22 12:32:10.015000 | synced   |             |
|    555 | test    |            | create schema                   | public               |       554 |        0 |         0 | 2024-11-22 12:31:51.215000 | 2024-11-22 12:31:51.264000 | 2024-11-22 12:31:51.264000 | synced   |             |
|    553 | test    |            | drop schema                     | none                 |         2 |        0 |         0 | 2024-11-22 12:31:48.615000 | 2024-11-22 12:31:48.615000 | 2024-11-22 12:31:48.865000 | synced   |             |
+--------+---------+------------+---------------------------------+----------------------+-----------+----------+-----------+----------------------------+----------------------------+----------------------------+----------+-------------+
14 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

From the output above:

> - Job 565 is currently in progress (`STATE` of `running`). The schema state is currently in `write reorganization`, but will switch to `public` once the task is completed to note that the change can be observed publicly by user sessions. The `end_time` column is also `NULL` indicating that the completion time for the job is currently not known.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Job 565 is currently in progress (`STATE` of `running`). The schema state is currently in `write reorganization`, but will switch to `public` once the job is completed to note that the change can be observed publicly by user sessions. The `end_time` column is also `NULL` indicating that the completion time for the job is currently not known.
```

> - Job 566 is an `add index` job, which is currently queued waiting for job 565 to complete. When job 565 completes, the `STATE` of job 60 will switch to `running`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `STATE` for `job_id` 566 is shown as `queueing`, indicating that it is queuing. When job 565 completes and job 566 begins execution, the `STATE` for job 566 will change to `running`.
```
